Dear Professor,
Me and peer student William have been looking at projects to do for the 
course Optimisation in Machine Learning. We read the instructions and 
suggestions and were inspired by: • Distributed SGD: How does the 
communication topology (and number of machines) influence practical 
convergence?. both of us have a background rather in Mathematics, 
but we have worked with some SGD implementations earlier on XXX data, we
 though it would be interesting for us to study the SGD method and how 
 different *things*/set-up parameters could affect it’s convergence.

We have thought about the following and would like to hear your opinion 
about it, or maybe some guidance on how broad our project should aim. We
 would like to see how:
 
 
* communication topologies can affect the method and its convergence
    * use sockets to communicate (Python)
    * implement two models : one with a coordinator and clients that 
    don't communicate between each other (trust model) and an other one 
    with clients that communicate between each other (untrust model : 
    the don't trust about the coordinator and wan't to be able to check 
    wether the new vector of parameters they got is a good update).
    
* variants of input data
    * full and sparse representation of the data : it involves to have 
    data that admit an interesting sparse representation (it should be
    easy to find on Kaggle for example). This change on the 
    representation should involve changes on the communication time. 
    
* different ways of sampling in SGD : send all the data to each client
  and let them sample it at each epoch, send a random/dertermined sample
  to each client (determined in the sense that for example, we impose 
  the condition that two different samples have no common element).
  
* would an optimization method be advantaged by a stochastic descent or 
  not ? (test, for example, Newton, Gradient, Levenberg-Marcquardt...)

Would these questions or one of these be interesting to study? Thank 
you very much for your input.

Also, is the mini-project day coming friday 11/5 mandatory?

Kind regards,
Lorinde & William
